README_ZH.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    @cardbrother/nestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk
</h1>
<p style="text-align:center;display:flex;justify-content:center;gap:5px;" align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/CI.yml">
    <img alt="CI" src="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/Release.yml">
    <img alt="Release &amp; Publish" src="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/Release.yml/badge.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/@cardbrother%2Fnestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk">
    <img alt="package version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/@cardbrother%2Fnestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cardbrother/nestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk">
    <img alt="NPM Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/d18m/%40cardbrother%2Fnestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk"/>
  </a>
</p>
<p style="text-align:center;display:flex;justify-content:center;gap:5px;" align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub commit activity (branch)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/main?logo=github&amp;logoColor=green&amp;color=%23FF40E0D0"/>
  <img alt="GitHub commit activity (branch)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/develop?logo=github&amp;logoColor=green&amp;label=Develop%20Commits&amp;color=%23FF40E0D0"/>
</p>

<p style="display:flex;padding: 3px 0; justify-content:center; align-items:center;" align="center">
  <strong style="width:200px;">🚨tencentcloud-sdk-nodejs 🚨cos-nodejs-sdk-v5</strong>
  <p align="center">
    <img alt="GitHub Tag" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/TencentCloud/tencentcloud-sdk-nodejs?color=slateblue&labelColor=red&label=version">
    <img alt="GitHub Tag" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/tencentyun/cos-nodejs-sdk-v5?color=slateblue&labelColor=red&label=version">
  </p>
  <p align="center"><strong>Language: <a href="README.md">English</a></strong></p>
</p>

> 适用于NestJS开发者的 tencentcloud-sdk-nodejs & cos-nodejs-sdk-v5

## 🔨 安装

- npm

```bash
npm install @cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk
```

- yarn

```bash
$ yarn add @cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk
```

- 🚀 pnpm **推荐**

```bash
$ pnpm add @cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk
```

## 🍚 使用

> 在 `AppModule` 或 `FeatureModule` 模块中，导入 `TencentCloudModule` 并调用 `forRoot` 方法配置 Tencent Cloud SDK 的 `secretId` 和 `secretKey`：

#### **基础使用:**

```ts
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { TencentCloudModule } from '@cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk';

@Module({
  imports: [
    TencentCloudModule.forRoot({
      apiId: 'TENCENT_API_ID',
      apiSecret: 'TENCENT_API_SECRET',
      region: 'TENCENT_REGION',
      cos: {
        Bucket: 'COS_BUCKET',
        Region: 'COS_REGION',
        SecretId: 'COS_SECRET_ID',
        SecretKey: 'COS_SECRET_KEY',
      },
      global: true, // 如果为 true，则 TencentCloudService 将是全局服务，默认为 false
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

---

#### **动态模块导入**

> 如果您想使用动态配置，可以使用 `forRootAsync` 方法将您的 `secretId` 和 `secretKey` 配置为腾讯云 SDK：

```ts
import { TencentCloudModule } from '@cardbrother/nestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk';
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { ConfigModule, ConfigService } from '@nestjs/config';

@Module({
  imports: [
    ConfigModule.forRoot({
      isGlobal: true,
    }),
    TencentCloudModule.forRootAsync({
      useFactory: async (configService: ConfigService) => ({
        apiId: configService.get<string>('TENCENT_API_ID'),
        apiSecret: configService.get<string>('TENCENT_API_SECRET'),
        region: configService.get<string>('TENCENT_REGION', 'ap-shanghai'),
        cos: {
          Bucket: configService.get<string>('COS_BUCKET'),
          Region: configService.get<string>('COS_REGION'),
          SecretId: configService.get<string>('COS_SECRET_ID'),
          SecretKey: configService.get<string>('COS_SECRET_KEY'),
        },
        global: true, // 如果为 true，则 TencentCloudService 将是全局服务，默认为 false
      }),
      imports: [ConfigModule],
      inject: [ConfigService],
      global: true,
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### **使用 TencentCloudService**

```ts
import { Injectable } from '@nestjs/common';
import { TencentCloudService } from '@cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk';

@Injectable()
export class AppService {
  constructor(
    private readonly tencentCloudService: TencentCloudService,
    @Inject(TENCENT_CLOUD_MODULE_OPTIONS_TOKEN)
    private readonly options: TencentCloudModuleOptions, // 如果您想获取选项，可以使用这个
  ) {}

  // 使用 OCR 服务
  async useOCR(imgData: string) {
    // 封装对象是智能的根据枚举动态实例化的
    const ocrClient = await this.tencentCloudService.useClient('OCR'); // or SMS,COS,etc
    return ocrClient.fastOcr({
      ImageBase64: imgData,
    });
  }
}
```

#### **使用 Tencent COS**

> 💡 提示：如果在此处传递 Bucket、Region 或任何参数，则会覆盖导入模块时的配置；如果不传递，则会使用导入的 `TencentCloudModule.forRoot` 配置。

```ts
const cosClient = await this.tencentCloudService.useClient('COS');
cosClient.upload({
  Bucket: this.options.cos.Bucket, // It's not required. Default use the configuration at the Module Import time
  Region: this.options.cos.Region, // It's not required. Default use the configuration at the Module Import time
  Key: 'test.txt',
  Body: 'hello world',
  FilePath: 'test.txt',
});
```

#### **使用 Tencent STS**

```ts
const sts_client = await tencentCloudService.useClient(
  TencentCloudClientType.STS,
);
expect(sts_client).toBeDefined();
expect(sts_client).toBeInstanceOf(StsProvider);
const tempSignature = await sts_client.createTemporary({
  Name: 'Test',
  Policy: encodeURI(
    JSON.stringify({
      version: '2.0',
      statement: [
        {
          effect: 'allow',
          action: ['name/cos:PutObject'],
          resource: ['*'],
        },
      ],
    }),
  ),
  DurationSeconds: 1800,
});
```

#### 📝 [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

#### License [MIT](https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

🚀 feature: add Base64 upload to cos function (#100)
* 📰 Update CI

- Added changeset for patch update
- Updated workflow to trigger on pull requests
- Renamed job from 'Release' to 'Publish'

* feat(CI&CD): :sparkles: push new workflow

* ci(CI&CD): :ferris_wheel: cI

* feat(new feature): :sparkles: add ci

* ci(CI&CD): :ferris_wheel: cI

* feat(new feature): :sparkles: add sts support

* 📝 Update README with Tencent STS usage

- Added code snippets for using Tencent STS
- Updated README and README_ZH files

* 🚀 feature: replace ESLint and Prettier with biome

- Removes .eslintrc.js and .prettierrc configuration files.
- Introduces biome.json for unified linting and formatting rules.
- Updates package.json to include biome as a dependency.
- Modifies scripts to use biome for checks instead of ESLint.

This change consolidates linting and formatting into a single tool for better consistency and management.

* 🚀 feature: enhance COS provider functionality

- Improves error handling by throwing an error if `cos` options are not defined during initialization.
- Updates import statements to use consistent single quotes and formatting.
- Reinstates previously commented-out testing step in CI workflow for better coverage.
- Adjusts TypeScript configurations for module and target for compatibility improvements.

README_ZH.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    @cardbrother/nestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk
</h1>
<p style="text-align:center;display:flex;justify-content:center;gap:5px;" align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/CI.yml">
    <img alt="CI" src="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/Release.yml">
    <img alt="Release &amp; Publish" src="https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/actions/workflows/Release.yml/badge.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/@cardbrother%2Fnestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk">
    <img alt="package version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/@cardbrother%2Fnestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cardbrother/nestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk">
    <img alt="NPM Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/d18m/%40cardbrother%2Fnestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk"/>
  </a>
</p>
<p style="text-align:center;display:flex;justify-content:center;gap:5px;" align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub commit activity (branch)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/main?logo=github&amp;logoColor=green&amp;color=%23FF40E0D0"/>
  <img alt="GitHub commit activity (branch)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/t/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/develop?logo=github&amp;logoColor=green&amp;label=Develop%20Commits&amp;color=%23FF40E0D0"/>
</p>

<p style="display:flex;padding: 3px 0; justify-content:center; align-items:center;" align="center">
  <strong style="width:200px;">🚨tencentcloud-sdk-nodejs 🚨cos-nodejs-sdk-v5</strong>
  <p align="center">
    <img alt="GitHub Tag" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/TencentCloud/tencentcloud-sdk-nodejs?color=slateblue&labelColor=red&label=version">
    <img alt="GitHub Tag" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/tencentyun/cos-nodejs-sdk-v5?color=slateblue&labelColor=red&label=version">
  </p>
  <p align="center"><strong>Language: <a href="README.md">English</a></strong></p>
</p>

> 适用于NestJS开发者的 tencentcloud-sdk-nodejs & cos-nodejs-sdk-v5

## 🔨 安装

- npm

```bash
npm install @cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk
```

- yarn

```bash
$ yarn add @cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk
```

- 🚀 pnpm **推荐**

```bash
$ pnpm add @cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk
```

## 🍚 使用

> 在 `AppModule` 或 `FeatureModule` 模块中，导入 `TencentCloudModule` 并调用 `forRoot` 方法配置 Tencent Cloud SDK 的 `secretId` 和 `secretKey`：

#### **基础使用:**

```ts
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { TencentCloudModule } from '@cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk';

@Module({
  imports: [
    TencentCloudModule.forRoot({
      apiId: 'TENCENT_API_ID',
      apiSecret: 'TENCENT_API_SECRET',
      region: 'TENCENT_REGION',
      cos: {
        Bucket: 'COS_BUCKET',
        Region: 'COS_REGION',
        SecretId: 'COS_SECRET_ID',
        SecretKey: 'COS_SECRET_KEY',
      },
      global: true, // 如果为 true，则 TencentCloudService 将是全局服务，默认为 false
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

---

#### **动态模块导入**

> 如果您想使用动态配置，可以使用 `forRootAsync` 方法将您的 `secretId` 和 `secretKey` 配置为腾讯云 SDK：

```ts
import { TencentCloudModule } from '@cardbrother/nestjs-tencent-cloud-sdk';
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { ConfigModule, ConfigService } from '@nestjs/config';

@Module({
  imports: [
    ConfigModule.forRoot({
      isGlobal: true,
    }),
    TencentCloudModule.forRootAsync({
      useFactory: async (configService: ConfigService) => ({
        apiId: configService.get<string>('TENCENT_API_ID'),
        apiSecret: configService.get<string>('TENCENT_API_SECRET'),
        region: configService.get<string>('TENCENT_REGION', 'ap-shanghai'),
        cos: {
          Bucket: configService.get<string>('COS_BUCKET'),
          Region: configService.get<string>('COS_REGION'),
          SecretId: configService.get<string>('COS_SECRET_ID'),
          SecretKey: configService.get<string>('COS_SECRET_KEY'),
        },
        global: true, // 如果为 true，则 TencentCloudService 将是全局服务，默认为 false
      }),
      imports: [ConfigModule],
      inject: [ConfigService],
      global: true,
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

#### **使用 TencentCloudService**

```ts
import { Injectable } from '@nestjs/common';
import { TencentCloudService } from '@cardbrother/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk';

@Injectable()
export class AppService {
  constructor(
    private readonly tencentCloudService: TencentCloudService,
    @Inject(TENCENT_CLOUD_MODULE_OPTIONS_TOKEN)
    private readonly options: TencentCloudModuleOptions, // 如果您想获取选项，可以使用这个
  ) {}

  // 使用 OCR 服务
  async useOCR(imgData: string) {
    // 封装对象是智能的根据枚举动态实例化的
    const ocrClient = await this.tencentCloudService.useClient('OCR'); // or SMS,COS,etc
    return ocrClient.fastOcr({
      ImageBase64: imgData,
    });
  }
}
```

#### **使用 Tencent COS**

> 💡 提示：如果在此处传递 Bucket、Region 或任何参数，则会覆盖导入模块时的配置；如果不传递，则会使用导入的 `TencentCloudModule.forRoot` 配置。

```ts
const cosClient = await this.tencentCloudService.useClient('COS');
cosClient.upload({
  Bucket: this.options.cos.Bucket, // It's not required. Default use the configuration at the Module Import time
  Region: this.options.cos.Region, // It's not required. Default use the configuration at the Module Import time
  Key: 'test.txt',
  Body: 'hello world',
  FilePath: 'test.txt',
});

cosClient.uploadByBase64({
  Bucket: this.options.cos.Bucket, // It's not required. Default use the configuration at the Module Import time
  Region: this.options.cos.Region, // It's not required. Default use the configuration at the Module Import time
  Key: '1.png',  // 存储在桶里的对象键（例如1.jpg，a/b/test.txt），必须字段
  Body: body, // base64 to Blob 需要转为Blob上传，必须字段
});
```

#### **使用 Tencent STS**

```ts
const sts_client = await tencentCloudService.useClient(
  TencentCloudClientType.STS,
);
expect(sts_client).toBeDefined();
expect(sts_client).toBeInstanceOf(StsProvider);
const tempSignature = await sts_client.createTemporary({
  Name: 'Test',
  Policy: encodeURI(
    JSON.stringify({
      version: '2.0',
      statement: [
        {
          effect: 'allow',
          action: ['name/cos:PutObject'],
          resource: ['*'],
        },
      ],
    }),
  ),
  DurationSeconds: 1800,
});
```

#### 📝 [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

#### License [MIT](https://github.com/guotingchao/nest-tencent-cloud-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE)
